Hi.
Welcome back.
And let's continue on with the plug ins.
Now, in the last video, we had created a project in which we had two pages.
We were able to create two entry points.
So in our config we had two entry points, which was the index and the product page.
And now let's see how we can be creating the file as well.
Okay.
So to get started, first of all, we need to be installing the dependencies, known wikis.
I'm just going to be copying the previous folder so that in case you get stuck, you can just come to
this particular folder and see what's going wrong.
So let me just say Control C and Control Re and I have the copy ready and I'm just going to be doing
some renaming here.
So let's make that a 7.2.
And instead of multiple entry, I can see each HTML Webpack plugin.
All right, so that looks good.
You do not need to be really doing that.
I'm just doing it for my purpose.
Okay, with that done, let's go ahead and install the Steam plugin.
Now, the concept is very similar to loaders.
When we had to be using the loaders, we installed them explicitly using NPM, such as the excess loader,
the style loader and so on.
Now we are going to be doing the same thing for plugins as well.
So just going back to the terminal, let me navigate to the appropriate folders.
So that is 7.2.
In my case, you can just go ahead and use the previous folder.
Okay.
With that done.
What I'm going to be doing here is I'll see NPM install.
Saved have.
And in this we need the optimal the back plug in.
Okay.
So that is almost going to be getting installed soon.
We have the installation done.
Now we need to be importing this plug in in our back file.
So in our backplane, I'm just going to be opening the 7.2.
So let me just go ahead and close all of this and open my 7.2 folder.
And in the Web config, let me go ahead and import that configuration.
So as a concept, as HTML Webpack.
Plug in.
You can just give any name as you like equals to require.
And in here, we're going to be requiring the pack plug in.
Okay, so that's done.
Now, we have only seen couple of sections how to be adding the entry output and also to be using the
loaders.
Now for using the plugins, you need to be adding a new section as well.
So this section is called, as you guessed, it is called plugins.
So it's called plugins.
And this is going to be of the type added.
So since we can add multiple plugins, so we are going to be declaring it as an added.
And when we want to be using plugins, you need to be initializing it using the new keyword of JavaScript.
So it's a new then we see a HTML Webpack plugin.
And in this we can just posit just like that.
Now the of a plugin also takes in an object.
So you can do additional configurations here.
But let's see what happens if we run this particular application without any configuration.
So I just save this and run, npm, run, build.
Just like that.
And once you have that done, you can see that we did not really get any errors.
And if I go to the dust folder, you can in fact see that a indexed art achievement file has been created.
Now, this is the beautiful part of the email plug in.
It automatically generate HTML file.
Now let's have a look at what is exactly created here.
So let me just quickly format this.
And you can see that it just created a plain SD file, but it really did two things.
It injected both of those dependencies.
So as you can see, we have the index dart bundle Rogers injected as well as the product bundle.
So these were the dependencies that were added in the back file and it was like, okay, let me just
go ahead and create a single file and inject both of the dependencies.
And things should work perfectly fine.
Well, technically, it would work fine if you had your index protected in that all format and everything
was being loaded via JavaScript.
But unfortunately, in our case, that is not how it works.
In our case, we had a lot of estimate markup.
So just going back to our estimate files.
So if I open index start estimate, you can see that we had like this header section, then we had like
a main section and a lot of other demand markup was added both in the index and the product's HTML page.
So what we need to be doing over here is we need to be telling the plugin that, Hey, I already have
a markup and you just need to be using that markup and then adding all the dependencies in that.
So how do we do that?
Well, for that, you just need to come to the configuration object and add a couple of configurations.
So the configuration that we're going to be adding over here is the first one is as template.
So in here, we want to be defining what is the template that is going to be used.
And the second one is called as the chunks.
So in the chunks, we need to be defining what are the dependencies of this particular template.
So for that, let's first of all go to the template.
So we are going to be seeing but not resolve.
And in this we'll call it as directory name and our template exist in the source folder.
So I'll say SIRC.
So let me just pick start as our C and in that we have the index dot as well.
So I'll say index dot as HTML.
All right.
So that is my first template that I need to be using.
And then we need to define the chunks.
The chunks are basically the and defined.
So we need to be telling what are the dependencies.
So you might use the index statistic will depend only on the index entry.
So we can define an array here and we can pass it as index.
Now make sure that this is of type string, not directly referencing the index that we have here.
Now we have done the last thing that we need to be telling is we need to be injecting this dependency
in that template.
So for that we need to say inject and then we can see as true.
Okay, so that's done.
Let's just quickly save this file and try to run the bundle once again.
So I would say NPM, run, build.
So we have the bundle created once again.
Now, if I go to the index statistic, well, you can see that all the markup has been, in fact, additive.
So we have the body section, we have all the other mock ups here.
And the best part is we also have this group tag added right here.
Now, what I can do over here is I can just go to my index, start HTML and we can actually be removing
the script that we started manually.
So I can just remove this from here, remove the same from the product start edge html also.
So I'll just remove that.
And let me just close this estimate files and try to run this bundle once again.
So Van Buren built.
So with that done, let's go and check out our index start table.
And in this, if we check it out or here it highlighted the index that bundled our GS.
So automatically it has added it and this was not added by us in the template.
So a similar thing can be done for the product as well.
So we can just go back to the pack config.
Now you might be thinking how do we add multiple stimuli pack plug in?
Now that is in fact possible.
What do you need to be doing this?
You could just need to be replicating the entire thing.
So you can see again, new HTML Web Pack plugin.
In this we define the new template is going to be as part dot resolve directory name.
And this is going to be sa c slash.
Product, not FDA ML.
Okay, so that's our template.
The second thing is our chunks in the chunk we can specify as what we have here.
So we need to be using this exact name.
So in this case, it's going to be just product.
And finally, we have inject as to.
Awesome.
So that's done as well.
Now, if I could just save this file, try to run my bundle once again.
So I'll say NPM, run, build.
And we can see that we have a conflict here, which is in the name of that particular file.
Now this problem's coming basically because it does not really know how to be resolving the file name.
So by default it's going to be giving the filing as index start as HTML.
Now, since we have to plug in so we are of the same type, it does not know what to be giving the name
for the second one.
So for that reason, you need to also be specifying the file name here that needs to be created.
So what we can do over here is we can just come here and see file name, and in the file name we can
specify the file that needs to be created.
So for example, we can call this as products dot HTML and this one we can be calling it as the index
start HTML.
So I can just give it a file name as well.
Let's call this as index start.
That's HTML.
Okay, so that's done.
Let's try to save this file once again, clear our console and try to run the build.
Okay.
So as you can see, this time we were successful and we are getting two output bundles.
So we add the index dot HTML as well as the product start SDL.
Now just to make sure things are working fine, instead of opening this index start, I am going to
be using the one that is that in the test folder.
So let's right click on the index, start HTML that was created theory will in finder.
Let's double click the index deductible and something seems to be wrong.
We lost all our thesis.
Now JavaScript still seems to be working.
As you can see, I have my list created here and I also have the dropdown in which I can be using the
list formatting.
So that seems to be working, but I have lost all this uses.
Now let's take a short break and try to figure out why this really happened.